May1601 Minutes 2015-10-29

* What has everone done this past week?
   * review what your goals/what you're working on
   * status update
   * blockers
* Meetings
    * Do we need to meet with anyone?
    * What are the topics/goals?
    * Scheduling
* Device Name!
* 492 Review Project
  * Gathering potential projects to review, Nik and Jon H.   
* Project Plan v2
   * Same sections?
    * Keep and update same sections as before.
   * Reviewers?
      * Interface and system - Korbin
      * Intro, overall description, - Nik
      * Project Requirements- Jon O.
      * Validation and Acceptance testing, - Jon H.
      * Risk Feasability - Dan
      * Process
         * Review branches
   * Any questions?
* Device power
   * XXX
* deploy-spec
   * Review
   * Own sections
* logging
   * can we daemonize this? (future work)
      * motivation for this
      * good use-case for docker?
   * communication options
      * IPC?
      * HTTP?
      * Protobuf?
      * Define a clear interface
   * "continuous monitoring"
      * out-of-band fallback if we lose splunk (i.e. email)
* TODOs for next week
   * Nik, review Jon H. section in project plan.  Finishing bootstrap spec. Pushing initial bootstrap roles and unit test for GO code.
   * Jon O, review Korbin secion in project plan.  Write role for services.
   * Jon H, review Dan section in project plan.  Project specifications, working on build automation.
   * Korbin, review Nik section in project plan.  Project specifications, working on build automation.
   * Dan, review Jon O section in project plan.  IP tables testing.
   * 
   *Deadline for prototype Thursday November 12th.
