## Pre-meeting Email

### 2015-10-08 Meeting

#### Agenda

##### What has everyone done this past week?

|Name|What are you working on?|Status update|Blockers|Hours|
|:---|:-----------------------|:------------|:-------|
|Nik|           Set up Design Doc Outline/make Ansible role for IDS            |     no update       |   none    |   4   |
|Jon O|         Splunk API development            |     Splunk Logging complete     |       |   5   |
|Jon H|         Ansible and Vagrent VM             |    progressing, Ansible installs git SSH     |       |   3   |
|Korbin|        Getting VM set up         |      in progress      |   VM problems    |   3   |
|Dan|           Ip tables, firewall         |      tables done      |       |      |


* Meetings
   * Do we need to meet with anyone?
     *Wes: Tuesday? 
   * What are the topics/goals?
      * Hack in Web SSH, 
   * Scheduling
* Design Doc
   *  everyone's contributions should be done by thursday.
* Fill Jon in on Tuesday meeting with client
* Any upcoming due dates?
   *  Design docoument due  10/23.

* TODOs for next week:
   * Design Doc Portions.
  
   * Nik
      * IDS running(Snort)
   * Jon O
     * Finish splunk.
   * Jon H
      * finish ansible.
   * Korbin
      * Help Jon H finish ansible: https service role started.
   * Dan
      * test firewall.
