# Meeting 2015-09-17.md

## Agenda
* Industry contact meeting recap
* Questions on the spec?
* Initial design discussion
* Checkout website stuff

### Industry contact meeting recap

Jon O. and Korbin talked about their meeting with our industry contact.

### Anyone have questions on the spec?

### Initial design discussion

### Checkout website stuff

# Action Items

1. Setup a **full** group meeting with our industry contact that everyone can attend.
   * **Owner**: John O.
2. Research what services typically run on a SCADA controller?
   1a. What does a normal SCADA box look like?
   * **Owner**: Jon H.
3. Researc te pros and cons of different alerting strategies. Options:
   1. Pull from honeypot
   2. Push from honeypot
   3. Email directly from honeypot
   * **Owner**: Nik
4. Researc OPC protocol
  * Are there good, existing open source honeypots for OPC?
    * Are they extensible and configurable?
  * **Owner**: Jon O.
5. Research Raspberry PI stuff:
   * Are there existing better alternatives?
   * How customizable are the PIs?
   * Can we/should we just build our own thing.
   * **Owner**: Dan and Korbin
